Ah!
Why are you so cheap?
The seduction I experienced again at the beginning
how
As soon as I left you, I hooked up with other men
If you pay, you will be addicted.
You don't look at men anymore
Mr. Gu, we are not the kind of relationship you think
That kind of relationship
What kind of relationship is that?
Is this relationship?
No, I
Mr. Gu
Sorry.
Mr. Gu, this is the office
Please respect yourself.
You remember me.
I hate it when people touch my things.
Not even Peach Blossom 3
patrol
Dad?
Tell Mr. Li of the Holy Spirit Group
Give him a chance tonight
Holy Spirit Group
Isn't that Brother Mu Chen's father's company?
What does Gu Yibing want to do?
You are with me tonight
Mr. Gu
Miss Lin
I'll remind you again.
Don't think about yourself
Think more of your brother
Mr. Gu, why did you bring me here?
Don't worry, the show will be on soon
Mr. Gu, I'm really sorry.
Traffic jam on the road
I punish myself
Gu Cheng still doesn't give Mr. Gu a toast
Mr. Gu, this time we cooperate with Shengning and Story
Will be fully responsible for full-time
pants
I respect you
Don't go pour the wine
No, I'll do it myself.
Yeah.
This kind of thing should be left to professionals